so it's been a lot of debate about the
fic nine hundred or a thousand CC Bosch
core and the ID 1100 injectors we just
got two brand-new out of the box as you
can see basically the same connectors I
mean the IDs are a nice stealth black so
they get tucked in but effectively it's
the same exact connector you have your
flow sheets between the two which we can
show later you have the two what are
effectively bosch cores as you can see
this is the fuel injector clinic and
this is the ID 1000 again ID 1000 for
our 35
fill injector clinic Nissan GTR 800 so
what you have to Bosch core both new the
same rings fi D takes off their
identifier the color code no problem if
IC puts their bending on their same
lower ID puts on a collar kind of like a
spacer to sit into the rail or whatever
application it's for and they also as
you can see there is none on the fic and
then ID takes the distal end the tip of
the injector of the ball and seat our
net ID adds their own cap and fuel
injector clinic just keeps the Bosch a
wee style as you can see they're both
brand-new there is no machining marks no
welds no Nicks if you go further even to
look at the identifying numbers on the
injectors they all match up I don't know
if you can see in a camera so it's
effectively very similar if not the same
injector so hopefully that helps a
little bit I'm sure that they have some
proprietary machining processes for the
tippet ID but both are really good
products both work and let me see the
two tips so as to both the same ball and
seeder inside but this has a little
different tip on the end